Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The town 's largest employer, the abalone co-operative, was formed in 1967.
BBC Four is a television network of the BBC available to digital television (Freeview, IPTV, satellite and cable) viewers in the United Kingdom.
; style \* : Specifies CSS styles to apply to the template body.
The Frankish king Clovis I established Paris as his capital in 508.
A potluck is a gathering of people where each person or group of people contributes a dish of food to be shared among the group.
The origin of the lyrics is a poem by diplomat Cecil Spring-Rice which he wrote in 1908 whilst posted to the British Embassy in Stockholm.
The laryngeal prominence is usually more prominent in adult men than in women or prepubescent children.
Finland, Turkey, and New Zealand (as part of the team from Australasia) made their first appearance at the Olympic Games.
For the short-lived NFL team, see 1928 Detroit Wolverines (NFL) season.
She married Enrique Rousseau shortly thereafter.
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself, President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901.
Olympia is the capital city of the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County.
Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Demeter, Athena, Dionysus, Apollo, Artemis, Ares, Aphrodite, Hephaestus and Hermes.
Cheeks () constitute the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear.
Gingerbread was brought to Europe in 992 by the Armenian monk Gregory of Nicopolis (Gregory Makar) (Gre goire de Nicopolis).
A common year is a common type of calendar year. It has exactly 365 days and so is not a leap year.
In its most generic sense, the word earthquake is used to describe any seismic event -- whether a natural phenomenon or an event caused by humans -- that generates seismic waves.
The group is composed of Tablo, Mithra Jin and DJ Tukutz.
Mainstream Japanese myths, as generally recognized today, are based on the Kojiki, Nihon Shoki and some complementary books.
History The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts of Jülich and Düren.
Like many eastern spices, pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine.
The official language of West Punjab was Urdu but most of the population spoke Punjabi using the Shahmukhi script.
On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job with Air Australia, her car suffers a flat tire.
Real tennis is still played by enthusiasts on 47 existing courts in the United Kingdom, Australia, the United States, and France.
The highest temperature ever, recorded on 28 July 1921, was 40.3 C (104.5 F), and the lowest was a 20.7 C (5.3 F) reached on 1 January 1985.
Carcinogenity of radiation depends of the type of radiation, type of exposure and penetration.
In old prehistoric times dragonflies had a wings that were two feet long.
FeedDemon is a free RSS Feed reader for Windows.
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment, working on its Raw brand.
2012 (MMXII) will be a leap year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.
Richmond () is a city in western Contra Costa County, California, United States.
Beuchat International, known as Beuchat, was established in 1934 in Marseille, France and is now a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of underwater equipment.
Immediately, Weiland and DeLeo formed a band with two of Scott 's friends from Edison High School, Corey Hicock (guitar) and David Allin (drums).
The smell of the pouch is reportedly '' suffocating '', and may assist in calming bees when raiding beehives.
The Northern Isles are usually separated for political purposes, but they come under the Orkney and Shetland constituency in Westminster.
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 bioregions, of which 30 are reef bioregions.
Valverde is rare in combining different specialities in road bicycle racing, being a strong climber, time trialist and sprinter.
A garden gnome or lawn gnome is a figurine of a small humanoid creature, usually wearing a pointy hat, produced for the purpose of ornamentation, typically of gardens or on lawns.
The southern reaches of Camden form part of Central London.
Worldwide production in 1998 was approximately 45 million tonnes.
It is located in the district Oberfranken and forms the geological connection between the Fichtelgebirge and the Thuringian Forest.
The complementary color of lavender is olive.
When German reunification occurred in 1990, the country as a whole became a member of NATO.
Pretoria is a city located in the northern part of Gauteng Province, South Africa.
Recently, it has become more widespread in the West, where black tea is traditionally consumed.
Ashtian County is a county in Markazi Province in Iran.
Belle Haven, Fairfax County, Virginia.
Debian () is a computer operating system composed of software packages released as free and open source software especially under the GNU General Public License and other free software licenses.
Societies were also required to pay excess profits tax, although their co-operative nature meant they made no profits.
Album articles with little more than a track listing may be more appropriately merged into the artist 's main article or discography article, space permitting.
A mechanism that allows trade is called a market.
Hans Moleman is a recurring character in the animated television series The Simpsons.
An angry backlash against disco music and culture emerged in the United States, hitting its peak with the July 1979 Disco Demolition Night riot.
Traditionally, Geisha began their training at a very young age.
In popular music, a cover version, or simply cover, is a new performance or recording of a previously recorded, commercially released song or popular song.
Murray was still serving on the Western Front when peace broke out on 11 November 1918.
The Book of Nehemiah is a book of the Hebrew Bible.
The performing arts are those forms of art which differ from the plastic arts insofar as the former uses the artist 's own body, face, and presence as a medium, and the latter uses materials such as clay, metal or paint which can be molded or transformed to create some physical art object.
Ranchy (pronunciation : rohn-SHEE or ROHN-shee) is a commune of the département in Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region of France.
Forchheim is a large town in Upper Franconia () in northern Bavaria, and also the seat of the administrative district of Forchheim.
It is a branch of the German House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (), which adopted the English name Windsor by a royal proclamation on the 17 July 1917.
Salperwick is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.
Mieszko II of Poland, king of Poland from 1025 to 1031, duke from 1032 to 1034
Biathlon is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines.
The Wonder Girls (Korean :) are a South Korean girl group.
Progressive bluegrass is one of two major subgenres of bluegrass music.
Vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d., but the documents are not clear 
In astronomy, a planet 's elongation is the angle between the Sun and the planet, as viewed from Earth.
It is the most recognizable species of fox and in many areas it is referred to simply as '' the fox ''.
Malcolm and Angus Young developed the idea for the band 's name after their older sister, Margaret Young, saw the initials '' AC\/DC '' on a sewing machine.
John Winston Ono Lennon, MBE (9 October 1940 â '' 8 December 1980) was an English musician and singer-songwriter who rose to worldwide fame as one of the founding members of The Beatles, one of the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed acts in the history of popular music.
Magnus Carlsen (born Sven Magnus Øen Carlsen on 30 November 1990) is a Norwegian chess Grandmaster and chess prodigy currently ranked number one in the world on the official FIDE rating list.
Chase 's main other major film and TV credits between 2000 and 2005 were the cult film Donnie Darko (2001) as Donnie 's younger sister, Samantha, and Oliver Beene (2003 -- 2004), as Oliver 's quirky girlfriend Joyce.
The passage sparked massive outrage within India.
Alonso appeared consistently in La Liga with 30 appearances over the course of the season and also scored his first league goal, finishing with a season total of 3.
Habay is a municipality of Belgium. It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province.
He returned to England and married Elizabeth C. Browne, daughter of Lancelot Browne, a prominent London physician.
As of the United States 2000 Census, the town population was 45,768.
Latina is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region, in central Italy.
In some cases extra pool or open water training may be needed.
Treasure Planet is a 2002 animated science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 27, 2002.
Mascoutah is a small town in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States.
Norman Mack '' Norm '' Van Brocklin (March 15, 1926 -- May 2, 1983), nicknamed '' The Dutchman '', was an American football player and coach.
The collection includes local textile work as well as religious artifacts.
Their small budget was another reason to use the ship for much of the storytelling.
In Moscow in 1992, one-quarter of the 155,000 people in his audience came forward upon his request.
As of 2003, the town has an estimated population of 22,813 and a density of 70.03 persons per km.
They were replaced in the 2001 season by Lorenzo, Michelle, Olga, and Rebekah.
Another reform in 1900 created 28 metropolitan boroughs as sub-divisions of the County of London.
La Tène is a village located at the eastern end of the Lake Neuchâtel (Lac de Neuchâtel), a lake in Switzerland.
In 2006, a study showing that the malaria mosquito (Anopheles gambiae) is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology.
A hunter-gatherer society is one whose primary subsistence method involves the direct procurement of edible plants and animals from the wild, foraging and hunting without significant recourse to the domestication of either.
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan from external and internal threats.
In 1889 the Margherita pizza, whose red tomatoes, green basil, and white cheese represent the Italian flag, was named after her.
Shogo Nishikawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Montedio Yamagata.
Cinema in Karachi or Kariwood had its golden days in 1960s when some of the prominent film studios were located in Karachi, making films for the viewership of a large and growing middle class as well working-class population.
The Secretary of the Treasury of the United States is the head of the United States Department of the Treasury, which is concerned with financial and monetary matters, and, until 2003, also with some issues of national security and defense.
The Montreal Convention, signed in 1999, replaced the Warsaw Convention system.
Eager to get to church, she ran out of her house still holding the frying pan complete with pancake, and still wearing her apron and headscarf.
Vulcan 's oldest shrine in Rome, called the Vulcanal, was situated at the foot of the Capitoline in the Forum Romanum, and was reputed to date to the archaic period of the kings of Rome, and to have been established on the site by Titus Tatius, the Sabine co-king, with a traditional date in the 8th century BC.
Gandhi conceived of Satyagraha, loosely translated as '' Soul Force, '' as a means of striving for truth and social justice through love, suffering, and conversion of the oppressor.
Bauer investigated the sources of the New Testament and concluded that early Christianity owed more to ancient Greek philosophy (Stoicism) than to Judaism.
The nominate subspecies Ailuropoda melanoleuca melanoleuca consists of most extant populations of panda.
Arthur formed as a tropical depression over Grand Bahama on June 19.
This can also be referred to as working language or bridge language.